Interbike 2013 one after another this is
bionics powered nuba mundo Cargill by
now this is a 250 watt motor but it's
redesigned for more torque of course if
you're any familiar with the bionics
they're all torque assist they've got
the safe programming this bike will not
go until you want it to it have senses
it's going to or 3 miles an hour
so many of these Turkishness bikes they
are so dangerous believe me you get on
them and the motor will crank you just
put your foot on the pedal and you're
practically doing a wheelie and danger
zone so bionics and the ethos are the
only bikes with torque assist I've
really written that are safe okay let's
go cargo riding like every biotics it's
got a really nice display unit torque
assist and a throttle so we're in
maximum assist right now got a belt get
a little shifting let's go I can say if
I'm sitting here I can push the throttle
button nothing put up my foot on the
pedals but once we're ready to go we're
going so you get a little speed down the
throttles working on something but with
pedaling it senses how hard you're
pedaling adds the power automatically so
this is the cargo bike I got moving back
there for all kinds of goodies and now
the rider or two
got the extra power to make it happen if
I had a couple kids on the back here
maybe sweating up a storm trying to get
him where I'm going with the bionics not
a problem now you know I did a bionics
test - nice wheels Burton Peter out
there they've got some great new product
since in the the ones inside actually
has some green painted motors the motors
are painted green kind of drove me nuts
more per look to anything well the power
so much almost fell off the back of the
saddle push the little red Go button
okay I'm getting past here let's see
who's passing me all right that's on and
off the bike like that baby girl maybe
we can catch up with her I'm actually
pushing the throttle button now and on
this bike we hold about 17 miles an hour
some of the other ones will go a little
faster now just some gentle pedaling
all right so this is the Nuba mundo with
a bionics conversion kit I'm gonna write
I think the as a sand bike next the
Pugsley thanks for watching